Add docs folder (#1303)
SciML/OrdinaryDiffEq.jl: README.md

sol = solve(prob,Tsit5())
```

> For "refined ODEs", like dynamical equations and `SecondOrderODEProblem`s, refer to the [DiffEqDocs](https://docs.juliadiffeq.org/dev/types/ode_types/). For example, in [DiffEqTutorials.jl](https://github.com/SciML/DiffEqTutorials.jl) we show how to solve equations of motion using symplectic methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For "refined ODEs", like dynamical equations and `SecondOrderODEProblem`s, refer to the [DiffEqDocs](https://diffeq.sciml.ai/dev/types/ode_types/). For example, in [DiffEqTutorials.jl](https://github.com/SciML/DiffEqTutorials.jl) we show how to solve equations of motion using symplectic methods:
```

Author: Thanks for pointing this out! I just copied the README.md as it was.

Reviewer: Yes, unfortunately some parts are still outdated and weren't updated after the transition to SciML.

Author: I'll also go carefully through the links in other packages and check for inconsistencies.
